you
no wonder she lives out west she's
selling proper but it's so hot I'm
probably going to faint
she doesn't even have a fainting couch
could you live and the Sun it's so
bright I'm gonna ruin my perfect
complexion but what mothers say I'm
already
livvie listen just a tear
fella all right shoot you okay tell me
what you're doing on my end of the
Colorado Territory I'm wondering what
you're doing following my money your
money I'd say miss Johnson is gonna be
mine and how do you expect to capture
her alone I could ask you the same thing
fine I know we like hate each other and
all but I was wondering if we could pair
up just to capture miss Johnson and hold
her as ransom because we can't do it
alone
haven't you I could laughs another
shooting anyway well you can choose
between one and a half seconds of
pleasure from shooting me or a lifetime
of pleasure from thousands of dollars
your choice this isn't one of your evil
little scheme you know I'm innocent the
fairy princess sister in the evil system
you may have a perfect shirt and paint
gun but I know how many men you killed
mercilessly fine but I'm honest this
where'd you get that horse bullet pretty
is it where did you get that saddle
stole it it was lying on pitching Posehn
garden
it looked lonely shirt stole it borrowed
it is anything you haven't stolen so you
know you've been soft touching my life
latent behind I'll work with you
hello a scream
I already have scream I'll scream louder
I hope you don't mind we're going to
take a little detour route away from
your aunt's for a while women this is
not men clothing it's purple anyone with
more than sawdust in their brain knows
that nice dress can I wear it later
maybe in shut up
cut the funny stuff Johnson you're
coming with us but what about my
afternoon we're gonna have to miss it do
you have the clothing we can't drive
around town here ball Gary ball gown
this it's not even casual wear shiny
what are those for your haircut of
course unfortunately there are only two
sizes available short and shorter Oh
coach me with that weapon honey you're
gonna see a lot more dangerous weapons
than a pair of scissors Vivian undress
sir
well she doesn't look like a man
special Casper boy both of you
you